[imaging_qc] New Test Plan (#6327)
aces/Loris: modules/imaging_qc/test/TestPlan.md

> Imaging Quality Control - Test Plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Imaging Quality Control - Test Plan

```

1. Access Imaging Quality Control page, ensure that it renders.
2. Make sure this module can be viewed if and only if the user has “Quality Control access” permission.

> 3. Make sure this module only loads if mri_parameter_form is installed and properly configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure this module only loads if the `mri_parameter_form` table exists and properly configured.
```

> 4. Make sure this module only loads if there are Scan_Done columns in mri_parameter_form table for each scan type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Make sure this module only loads if there are `Scan_Done` columns in the `mri_parameter_form` table for each scan type.
```

> 5. Change maximum rows per page. Ensure that the amount of files displayed changes correspondingly each time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Change maximum rows per page. Ensure that the number of rows displayed changes correspondingly each time.
```

# Imaging Quality Control - Test Plan
1. Access Imaging Quality Control page, ensure that it renders.
2. Make sure this module can be viewed if and only if the user has “Quality Control access” permission.

> 3. Make sure this module only loads if the `mri_parameter_form` table exists and properly configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Make sure this module only loads if the `mri_parameter_form` table exists and properly configured.
```

If the module loads and the `mri_parameter_form` doesn't exist, I don't think that's a bug.

Author: The README for this module specifies that this table is necessary for the module to load. The idea was that if it loads anyway, the module is not functioning as intended and may be loading because of an oversight.

Reviewer 2: I just skimmed the README, but it looks like it's specifiying the prerequisites for using the module, not saying those are intended limitations of how the module should work.

> 4. Make sure this module only loads if there are `Scan_Done` columns in the `mri_parameter_form` table for each scan type.

Reviewer 2: Same

5. Change maximum rows per page. Ensure that the number of rows displayed changes correspondingly each time.
6. Navigate through pages by selecting the page numbers at the top right of the result section and the bottom right of the result section.
7. Navigate from first to last page & vice versa using the double arrows at the top right of the result section and the bottom right of the result section.

> 8. Download the table as CSV. Make sure that the file downloads and has the correct contents.

Reviewer 2: This should explain what "correct" means

> 9. Select some filters to reduce the size of the data set. Click to download the table as CSV. Make sure that the file downloads and has the correct contents.

Reviewer 2: What is "correct"? All the data or the filtered data?

10. Select filters in each category, make sure that the results change corresponding to what is selected.
11. Select combinations of various filters, make sure that the results change corresponding to what is selected.
12. Select several filters to reduce the size of the imaging data set, and then select clear filters. Make sure that it returns to the full data set and that each filter is cleared.

> 13. Click on the column header to make sure that the files re-organize to be ordered by the selected column. Click the same one again to make sure that it now organizes in reverse order. Try this with each of the columns.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
13. Click on the column header to make sure that the rows re-organize to be ordered by the selected column. Click the same one again to make sure that it now organizes in reverse order. Try this with each of the columns.
```
